# Alexandra Emory
## 1.What is your developer journey so far? What brought you to this major, and why did you take this class?
So far my developer journey has just been what I've learned here at towson. Although I am in the interview process for a few full time developer oppurtunities for after graduation. I don't know exactly what brought me to this major. I sort of picked it out of the blue without any prior experience. I decided to take this class because I've always wanted to know more front-end/web languages, but thanks to school, never had the time to myself. This is the best of both worlds (I get to learn these languages and fulfill and major requirement).
## 2. What is your ideal career progression, if there were no limitations?
Ideally, I want to become a software engineer and just continue doing that until I'm a Senior software engineer for a company. I though I would enjoy working for a company that is hired by other companies to write software, so I'd always be changing what I'm doing so I don't get bored. I am also looking into being a Solutions Engineer because I've always thought of myself as a people person, and I would do well in a client-facing role.

## 3. What programming experience do you have? Do you have any web experience?
So, my only programming experience is within Towson. My only web experience is using JavaScript and Node.js to make a mini chat server for my Networking Class, so I have a little bit of experience with both of those. I also used Microsoft Web Expressions 4 for a Comptuers and Creativity class, but that was hardly any coding at all. 